Bengt/specs consistency/base ledger (#94)
anoma/namada-docs: packages/specs/pages/base-ledger/multisignature.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

# k-of-n multisignature

The k-of-n multisignature validity predicate authorizes transactions on the basis of k out of n parties approving them. This document targets the encrypted (inner) WASM transactions. Namada does not support multiple signers on wrapper or protocol transactions. The signer of the wrapper transaction is the fee-payer of that transaction. 

## Protocol

Namada transactions are signed before being delivered to the network. This signature is checked by the invoked validity predicates to determine the validity of the transaction. To support multisignature, Namada's signed transaction data includes the plaintext data of what is being signed, as well as all valid signatures over that data.

> Inherently, this implies that all user accounts are 1-of-1 multisignature accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no special non-multisignature established accounts - all user accounts are just 1-of-1 multisignature accounts.
```
